# UNAMKR PRODUCT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

UnaBiz Pte., Ltd (hereinafter “UnaBiz”) is a developer, manufacturer, and supplier of UnaMKR, the Sigfox Monarch Development Kit (hereinafter “Product”). Anyone who purchase or use the Products (hereinafter “Client”), hereby agrees to this product terms and conditions (hereinafter “Terms”). Should the Client not accept these Terms, Clients shall not make purchases or any utilizations of the Product.

The Product combines module, connectivity, industrial-grade sensors, hardware, and platform integration capabilities in a single easy-to-program development kit. For the further developing needs, UnaBiz may provide the Client with an optional software development kit of the Product (hereinafter “SDK”). The Client shall strictly follow the limited utilization terms of the Product and its any combinational parts from it:

1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Terms, UnaBiz grants the client a worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual license to use, copy, prepare derivative works based on, and distribute the Products and derivative works thereof, provided that any distribution or sublicense is subject to the same terms and conditions of this Terms.
2. Any copies of the Products or derivative works thereof will continue to be subject to this Terms. The client must include in any copies of the Products or derivative works thereof any trademark, copyright, and other proprietary rights notice included in the Products by UnaBiz.
3. Except for the original function and limitation of the Product, the client is not entitled to create copies, publish or any unauthorized usage of the SDK, components of the software, images supplied with it, the manual, accompanying texts, or the documentation related to the Products in the whole or part.
4. Nor is it permitted to sell the SDK, software and/or the related documentation, to grant sublicenses of it to third parties, or to provide it to third parties via other means. The Client is not entitled to share access codes and/or passwords for the product or database access associated with the product to third parties. The Client is not authorized to change, modify, adjust, or decompile the SDK, software and/or the related documentation in whole or in part, insofar.
5. The Client is aware that the unauthorized use of the Product and its combinational parts, or the attempt to use unofficial features can interfere with the integrity of the system and lead to data loss.
6. The Clients agree that, if the Client obtain any patents relating to inventions or discoveries made through use of or access to the Products or derivative works thereof, or that are necessary for the use of the Products, the Clients will not bring any claim for infringement thereof against UnaBiz or any direct or indirect licensee of UnaBiz in connection with or use of the Products or derivative works thereof. The foregoing does not constitute a license of any copyright or trade secret.
7. UnaBiz does not warrant that the Products will meet your requirements, or that the operation of the products will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Client also assumes responsibility for the selection, installation, use, and results of using the products.
8. No warranties, either express or implied, are made for the products, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement, and UnaBiz expressly disclaim all warranties not stated herein. The Client assumes the entire risk as to the quality, use, and performance of the products.
9. The Client acknowledges that UnaBiz is not responsible for and is not obligated to provide, any support, including email and telephone support, for any purpose with respect to the Products.
10. Should the products prove defective or fail to perform correctly, the Client shall assume the entire cost and risk of any repair, service, correction, or any other liability or damages caused by or otherwise associated with the products.
11. To the extent that the Products derived from the third-party's software or materials, the third-party may not provide any warranties with respect to the Products, assume any liability regarding the use of the Products, or undertakes to furnish the Client any support or information relating to the Products.
12. UnaBiz shall not be liable to the Client or any other person for any damages, including any incidental or consequential damages, expenses, lost profits, lost savings, or other damages arising out of or otherwise associated with the use of or inability to use the products.
13. In any event, UnaBiz's liability under this Terms shall not exceed the amount the Client paid UnaBiz for the use of the Products. The Client's sole remedies and UnaBiz's entire liability are as set forth above.
14. UnaBiz is not liable for any loss of data if the damage would not have occurred if it had been adequately backed up, and this was the responsibility of the Client. A proper data backup can be assumed when the Client demonstrably backs up its data sets in a machine-readable form at least once per day and thus warrants that this data can be recovered with reasonable effort.
15. Aside from this Terms, The client shall follow UnaBiz's General Terms and Conditions at <https://www.unabiz.com/terms-of-service/>, which may be updated by UnaBiz from time to time. If there is a conflict between this Terms and UnaBiz's General Terms and Conditions, this Terms shall control.
